game of thrones winter is coming season
one episode one welcome back to popcorn
time movie digest today i will show you
a medieval fantasy television series
from 2011 titled game of thrones winter
is coming spoilers alert watch out and
take care the season opens on the
continent of westeros by introducing a
threat from beyond the wall
three rangers of the nights watched
apart from the wall to investigate
reports of wildlings in the haunted
forest which lies to the north beyond
the wall
the young one sees smoke from a fire and
creeps up on it he discovers several
wildling corpses dismembered and
arranged in a strange ritualistic
fashion on the ground
he also finds a dead wildling girl
pinned to a tree
shakti turns and runs
we see their bodies are laid out in a
kind of symbol like a ring
he reports back to the others
sir weimar overrides the older garrett's
advice that they return to castle black
to report the situation to lord
commander of the night's watched your
mormont the young ranger is chastised by
sir weimar for being a coward and
reminded of their mission and the
punishment for desertion
sir weimar instead insists on seeing the
corpses for himself to determine what
killed them they go to check out the
bodies but find they've disappeared the
young ranger scouts around for clues and
garrett finds a bloody piece of clothing
and organ buried under the snow
he's about to show it to weimar when
something dark and sinister pops up out
of snow and slashes him down
this creature is called white walker a
supernatural species of humanoids with
milk pale skin and glowing blue eyes out
of panic the remaining men run they're
chased by something that doesn't seem
human
the creature catches garrett and slices
off his head the young ranger in abject
horror sees the dead wildling girl from
earlier who is now walking with blue
eyes he drops to his knees and awaits
his faith sometime later he stumbles
across a field
not dead in a band of men on horses
intercepts him he has fled south of the
wall in terror rather than return to
warned castle black of the white walker
threat
meanwhile in winterfell lord ned stark
with his wife caitlyn watches his son
bran practice archery with the aid of
rob stark ned and caitlyn's eldest son
and jon snow ned's bastard son
rob and john can't help laughing when
bran's latest arrow goes high over the
wall even worse than the last shot but
after ned amusedly chides the two and
encourages bran to keep it
inside the castle his daughter sansa
area practice needlepoint
bran lets fly his arrow and miss wildly
suddenly another strikes the bull's eye
they turn to see who let it go it's arya
showing up her brother bran chases arya
while ned caitlin rob and john left
a man comes to report they captured a
deserter from the night's watch ned's
wife caitlyn asks him if he has to do
what must be done
ned says yes and ten-year-old bran is
coming to watch the law decrees that as
a deserter from the watch the young
ranger is an oath breaker and must be
executed
lord ned stark takes three of his sons
with him rob john and bran to witness
the execution due to it being a stark
custom among sons to carry out
executions themselves
also joining ned is his ward theon
greyjoy the young ranger accepts his
fate but tells ned about the walkers
first and asks the word be sent back to
his mother
lord ned carries out the execution
himself using the ancestral valyrian
blade of their house ice
young bran witnesses an execution for
the first time without flinching earning
praise from his half-brother john
ned explains to bran that the reason he
was made to execute the young ranger was
that the man who passes the sentence
should swing the sword when bran asks
his father about the white walkers ned
dismisses it as a madman's ramblings
insisting that the walkers have been
gone for centuries
on the ride home they come upon a
disemboweled elk and wonder what could
have done it theon wonders if it's the
work of a mountain lion but ned states
that none live in the area
looking for what killed it they find a
rare dead female dire wolf killed with a
stag antler piece broken off in her
throat the wolf died after giving birth
and her five pups huddle by the corpse
for warmth ned commands killing the pups
out of mercy rather than have them
starve to death john suggests instead
that as the dire wolf is the symbol of
house stark and ned has five true born
children the five pups go to the five
star children ned agrees to allow it but
only if they care for and raise the pups
themselves even if one should die the
owner will be the one to bury it as they
are about to leave jon finds a sixth pup
an albino run of the litter theon
mockingly points out that this one
belongs to john but jon nonetheless
adopts the sixth pup
in king's landing the capital of the
seven kingdoms a funeral takes place in
the grand cathedral
sir jamie lannister checks on his twin
sister queen cersei baratheon of the
house of lannister
she's worried the dead man john aaron
might have spilled her secret to her
husband the king back in winterfell a
raven bears news of john aaron's death
where lady caitlin stark informs ned
john aaron was like a father to ned
she also tells ned the king robert
baratheon and much of the royal court
rides for winterfell
ned realizes that king robert means to
name him as the hand to replace john
aaron he ponders refusal feeling his
places at winterfell
king robert of baratheon and queen
cersei is on the way to winterfell with
their entourage bran climbs to the top
of the compound to see the hundreds
approaching bran's mother catches him
climbing on the rooftops of the castle
he promises to stop but his mother knows
he is lying
the king and queen arrive and all of
winterfell gathers in the courtyard as
the royal party approaches
the starks line up to greet them
prince joffrey baratheon of the house of
baratheon makes eyes at sansa stark
ned's young daughter king robert rides
in with his knights while queen cersei
is in a large wheelhouse
lord ned presents his household to king
robert ned and robert greet each other
warmly
and then robert demands to see the crips
and pay his respects to ned's deceased
sister lyanna much to queen cersei's
impatience
after robert and ned depart cersei sends
jaime to find their younger brother
tyrion who is a dwarf the imp has found
his way to the brothel in the town
outside winterfell where he enjoys the
attention of a prostitute named ross
jamie tells tyrion a man of limited
height but with immense appetites that
he will be needed at the feast that
night jaime has hired three more
prostitutes for tyrion to hurry things
along
down in the crips robert says aaron got
sick suddenly and died
robert asks ned to come to king's
landing and serve as hand of the king to
run his kingdom he wants ned to help him
keep the iron throne
he suggests they join their houses by
marrying his son joffrey and ned's
daughter sansa robert offers up his
prayers at the tomb of lyanna stark
ned's younger sister whom robert was
going to marry before prince rhaegar
targaryen killed her he tells ned that
in his dreams he kills rhaegar every
night ned reminds him that house
targaryen was destroyed but robert
replies not all of them
meanwhile in the free city of pentos
across the narrow sea the saris and
daenerys targaryen live in the
hospitality of manchester illyrio prince
viserys comes to check on his sister
complete with examining her naked
viserys has arranged to wed his sister
daenerys to call drogo the warlord of a
dothraki khalasar are 40 000 warriors he
tells her what a beautiful young woman
she has turned into and slips off her
dress
she is silent and looks away as if
pretending it isn't happening
she steps into a hot bath that has just
been drawn
this greatly distresses her maid who
believes the water will scald her
however daenerys seems not to notice it
and appears to be unharmed
a short time later she meets her
intended king a savage killer who has
never been defeated in battle
he says nothing and rides off
later we see illyrio and viserys discuss
the quest to sail back to westeros and
viserys inquires when the wedding will
take place
daenerys is not pleased with the
arrangement and blurts out that she does
not want to marry drogo viserys insists
that daenerys will marry him because in
return drogo will give viserys the army
he needs to retake their father's throne
from robert baratheon viserys adds that
he would let his sister be raped by all
40 000 of drogo's man and their horses
if it meant getting his throne back
back in in winterfell a great feast is
held and cersei and caitlyn exchange
cordial words
cersei seems more impressed by sansa
thinking that she will be a great hit at
court outside the feast jon snow works
at his sword practice angry that caitlyn
thought it would be inappropriate that a
bastard should attend his uncle benjen
stark ned's brother first ranger of the
night's watch arrives to join the feast
and john asks him to take him back to
the wall with him
vengeance says he's not ready
after benjen leaves john meets tyrion
who suggests that he is too sensitive
and quick to take offense when his
illegitimacy is pointed out tyrion
encourages him to take the insult and
wear it like armor so that no one can
hurt him with it when john angrily asks
tyrion what he knows about it tyrion
replies that all dwarfs are bastards in
their father's eyes
benjen finds his brother ned who tells
him the boy he beheaded was a true
ranger he seemed surprised he deserted
later jaime accost ned taunting him to
fight when he's back in town
after the feast there's a knock at their
bedroom door it's maester lewin ned's
counselor a writer brought a letter from
caitlyn's sister lady lisa aaron the
widow of john aaron in the letter lisa
says that john aaron was murdered by the
lannisters and that they plan to
conspire against king robert she burns
the letter
her sister has fled the city lewin tells
ned that he should accept robert's offer
to be hand so he can investigate the
truth and protect the king
ned while he would prefer to stay at
winterfell agrees with lewin and accepts
the offer
at the wedding feast for daenerys and
drogo viserys is eager to get his throne
back
daenerys watches two men try to have sex
with a woman in the middle of a dance
and end up cutting each other to bits we
learned that a dothraki wedding without
at least three deaths is considered a
dull affair
the bride and groom receive many gifts
but for daenerys two are particularly
interesting
the first is a selection of books
containing stories and songs from the
seven kingdoms given to her by sarah
jorah mormont an exiled knight of house
mormont the second is a box containing
three beautiful scaly stones
according to illyrio these are dragon
eggs from the shadow lands beyond a shy
that have turned to stone over time
then he appears to feel some connection
with the eggs but brushes it off for the
time being called gets up and goes to
his horse
daenerys follows and he gives her a
white horse
as she's riding off her brother tells
her to make drogo happy later alone on
the beach at sunset she waits nervously
as her new husband looks her over
she cries
he says only no as he slowly takes off
her clothes and pushes her to the ground
back in winterfell ned prepares to ride
with the king to go hunting as they set
off bran climbs to the top of a climbing
a broken tower he hears someone moaning
he peers through a window and finds the
queen and her brother engaged in a
sexual act
she shouts that bran saw them
jamie pulls bran off the ledge
jamie looks out the window to make sure
nobody else is watching and only sees
summer brand's wolf
he turns to bran and asks how old he is
when bran replies 10 jamie remarks with
a side then he shoves bran out of the
window the things i do for love he says
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching